NEWS/ChangeLog for rClr
--------------------------

0.7-4	2014-03-26  beta
    o	Quite a few months and internal versions later, more than 
	enough has been done to have a public release. The main change 
	under the hood is the use by default of R.NET in preference to C, 
	which has opened the conversion of more complicated data structures.
	
0.7-3	2014-01-15  beta
    o	Make data conversion using R.NET the default. 
    o	Feature parity on Linux and Windows
	
0.7-1	2014-12-11  beta
    o	Quite a few months and internal versions later, more than 
	enough has been done to have a public release. The main change 
	under the hood is the use by default of R.NET in preference to C, 
	which has opened the conversion of more complicated data structures.
	o	One particularly noteworthy feature is the possibility to convert 
	.NET objects into R data frames in pure C# (or any other .NET language). 
	This is not directly apparent as a feature in rClr itself, but it supports the 
	use case. More on these capabilities will come in the form of 
	additional documentation in subsequent releases.
	o	Not quite ready functional on Mono, but expected to be at 
	parity in upcoming releases.
	
0.6-1	2014-04-29  beta
    o	Update to use R.NET 1.5.11. This brings lots of performance
	improvements as well as fixes done over the past months to R.NET.
	While not all benefits will be immediately apparent, this is a 
	more solid foundation for future rClr versions.
	
0.5-2	2013-09-21  beta 5
    o	Fix memory leaks for vectors created in R converted to .NET 
	arrays. Proper memory release is confirmed for at least numeric, 
	integer and character vector types. Part of this exercise, 
	rClr has been accepted by Coverity Scan (https://scan.coverity.com).
    I acknowledge Coverity for some helpful insights tracking defects in rClr.	
    o	Useful exception handling on MS.NET CLR: print out the details 
	of the innermost exception. This is a big improvement on the 
	unhelpful HRESULT codes previously reported.
    o	The hosting for the Mono runtime on Windows is included 
	in this release. Do note that date-time handling is not 
	passing many tests with the Mono CLR.
	
0.5-1	2013-06-16  beta 4
    o	Adding package documentation using knitr and R-markdown
    o	clrNew now with arguments
    o	Some support for 'enum' types
    o	Date-time handling is now using POSIXct classes instead of Date. 
	The temporal resolution is thus much better, however beware that 
	POSIXct is effectively a UTC time with a timezone conversion. 
	A lot of unit tests are in place around it, but date and time
	zone is a complicated topic.
    o	This release does not include Mono support; unfortunately 
	this is not yet usable as it is too unstable. There has 
	actually been major progress, but some new issues still 
	emerged.